wifi: Update doc of wifi commands (#15301)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/migration/migration_guide_2.7.rst

  * When using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MQTT_HELPER_PROVISION_CERTIFICATES` Kconfig option, the certificate files must be in standard PEM format.
    This means that the PEM files must not be converted to string format anymore.

> * :ref:`wifi_shell_sample` sample:
> 
>   * The Parameters of ``connect`` and ``ap enable`` commands have been updated, Please check updated parameters using -h help option of the command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wi-Fi®
------

.. toggle::

   * :ref:`wifi_shell_sample` sample:

     * The parameters of the ``connect`` and ``ap enable`` commands have been updated.
        Check the updated parameters using the ``-h`` help option of the command.
```

  * When using the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MQTT_HELPER_PROVISION_CERTIFICATES` Kconfig option, the certificate files must be in standard PEM format.
    This means that the PEM files must not be converted to string format anymore.

Wi-Fi®
------

> .. toggle::
> 
>   * :ref:`wifi_shell_sample` sample:
>     * The parameters of the ``connect`` and ``ap enable`` commands have been updated.
>       Check the updated parameters using the ``-h`` help option of the command.

Reviewer: Fixing indentation should fix the build error.
```suggestion
.. toggle::

   * :ref:`wifi_shell_sample` sample:
   
     * The parameters of the ``connect`` and ``ap enable`` commands have been updated.
        Check the updated parameters using the ``-h`` help option of the command.
```

Author: Okay, thank you.
